add: new patterns to pollution (#132)
aphp/edsnlp: docs/pipelines/core/normalisation.md

![Pollution alignment](./resources/alignment.svg)

#### Types of pollution

> Pollution can come in various forms  in clinical texts. We provide a small set of possible pollution, from which you can pick whichever you want to activate.
> 
> For instance, if you want to consider biology tables as pollution, you can instantiate the `normalizer` pipeline as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pollution can come in various forms in clinical texts. We provide a small set of possible pollutions patterns that can be enabled or disabled as needed.

For instance, if we consider biology tables as pollution, we only need to instantiate the `normalizer` pipe as follows:
```
